[DOC-540] Update document  for window [master] (#534)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/query-guide/functions/core/timeBatch.md

    @info(name = 'query1')
    insert into OutputStream
    select symbol, sum(price) as price
    from InputEventStream window tumbling_time(20 sec);

> This collect and process incoming events as a batch every 20 seconds and output them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This window collects and processes incoming events as a batch every 20 seconds and then outputs them to a stream.
```
